feat: add provisioning timeouts (#6447)
determined-ai/determined: docs/reference/deploy/config/master-config-reference.rst

Max number of Determined agent instances. Defaults to ``5``.

``launch_error_timeout``
------------------------

Duration for memorizing provider provisioning errors. Further provisioning attempts will not be made

> during this window of time and any unschedulable jobs may be canceled. Defaults to ``0s``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may be canceled. After the timeout period, the error state is reset. Defaults to ``0s``.
```

``launch_error_retries``
------------------------

> Number of retries to allow before memorizing a provider provisioning error with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of retries to allow before registering a provider provisioning error with
```
